Add and update documentation image descriptions (#5)
isabela-pf/napari: docs/plugins/find_and_install_plugin.md

1. From the “Plugins” menu, select “Install/Uninstall Plugins...”.

>    ![napari viewer's Plugins menu with Install/Uninstall Plugins as thr first item. ](/images/plugin-menu.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![napari viewer's Plugins menu with Install/Uninstall Plugins as the first item. ](/images/plugin-menu.png)
```

> 2. In the resulting window that opens, where it says “Install by name/URL”,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the Plugin dialog that opens, where it says “Install by name/URL”,
```

Updating the in-paragraph text for consistency with the image description - I think referring to it as Plugin dialog is more specific anyway.
